Adds general article about Heartcore Grid Editors (#4229)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Umbraco-Heartcore/Backoffice/index.md

---
versionFrom: 8.0.0
meta.Title: "Umbraco Heartcore backoffice"
meta.Description: "Documentation for working in the backoffice in Umbraco Heartcore"
---

# Working in the backoffice

> On this page you'll find articles about the backoffice that's specific to Heartcore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On this page, you'll find articles about the backoffice that are specific to Heartcore.
```
